doc: Matter Bridge documentation enhancement (#17342)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_bridge/doc/matter_bridge_description.rst

Configure the functionality of the Matter-Bridge device
-------------------------------------------------------

> To enable the Matter smart plugin functionality, for example with :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20`, run the following command:

Reviewer: How about using some simpler example? It's only about presenting the part required for smart plug, so -Dmatter_bridge_SNIPPET=onoff_plug, the rest is not needed. I would suggest the following: 
```suggestion
To enable the Matter smart plugin functionality, run the following command with *board_target* replaced with the board target name:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>    west build -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp -p -- -DSB_CONFIG_WIFI_NRF700X=y -DCONFIG_CHIP_WIFI=y -Dmatter_bridge_SHIELD=nrf700x_nrf54h20dk -DCONFIG_BRIDGED_DEVICE_BT=y -Dmatter_bridge_SNIPPET=onoff_plug

Reviewer: And with regards to the above comment:
```suggestion
   west build -b *board_target* -p -- -Dmatter_bridge_SNIPPET=onoff_plug
```

Reviewer: @kg-nordicsemi why haven't you applied this comment and resolved conversation? I've just noticed that the documentation was not fixed while reviewing the guide before the release. I suggest to resolve conversation AFTER applying the fix to not forget to do that.

Reviewer: Sorry, it wasn't your fault :) Someone probably didn't rebase after your commit was merged and then force pushed PR, so your change was removed: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/commit/b364fd802a36bd39cde9202d65735da8677bae97#diff-f250f5581599929b90c895f576af0b1ccf1b6dc333c1d6a859ac992cae861eb9R740

I will fix this.
